while he waits for career that he did not remember but mentor on the road
to cotoca passed to the bar to put 50 meters forward
a serious and fatal traffic accident and starring a truck that
he brought the address of the refinery of the part remembered that to him what is
seeing at this moment is good all kinds that are taking in
ambulance instead of heredia the person who is reported of life and
even the preliminary report and some witnesses
in league in the indicated place and there is a person who loves the youngest of the brothers
Ecuadorians in the driver of the truck that apparently did not give him control
of the pnv the motorized when they were circulating along this route the miner
Bolivian approximately 20 passengers of departure flights to the new regulations
of the place in europe the two children lost the winning intern in holland
criticize in a generalized way given some center of cost containment
yesterday for example the past was adopted all that is worse than no doubt
in account that we are claiming the generalitat that does not win at this moment
different architectural tenor now I look for other
through him are ten wounded what are reported so far
apparently you can confirm that information please
his design
e the driver of the truck micro the truck driver drives the person
Jacobo has died that tell us the neighbors of the place
would be the driver of the truck the driver of the book telling the
they also protested being transferred in istanbul before amir opt for example
the shocking that has been the clash between england
these conditions the change can subtract from showing the front by
example how it is altered the change of routes of the apart from cotoca brought
brick and seemingly sure that the neighbors who were witnesses did not live
that the powerful one surprised
the air traffic controller charge for it eg efe
but the damage that has happened for example in a group when winning the prize
as the best of the first regulations allows stadium seriously injured the
driver of the Navarrese truck agreed on the ferrol life and already lost
totally knowledge journalistically want to fail
and going back to see and what I have managed to see at the moment we got to deal with
until this part of the round paco all of Europe both the traca only 50
meters high and they will not find suppliers would give foot inside the other
variant had won him he was more gravity the rain canal theaters
then the mad cows came
the exact place
I tell you this unfortunate fact of transit the call for a strike
general nothing has happened
a school near the big area said wait for the Navarre government maría
bay
very kind Paul according to the destruction then we observed a change of
gardener
or with none of them in this case collided with the tri
the minister
the frontal apparently
then the transit report will come but we can advance what it did not say
paul
these are preliminary data reiterated father
the transit report to corroborate what we're saying everything clarify what
what are we saying ys
them at least the report
neither apparently dead that day the driver or the b the truck
the one that we observe this man first these days we are repeating this the
conductor of the liquid and was this entity or in this way
in an ambulance
tanzi towards a healthcare center this happened in myspace moment nothing else
does nothing more on the road to cotoca passing 50 meters from the bar
and we reiterate the balance is 10 deaths
alak at least i a deceased all this to be confirmed we reiterate when the
transit report
in moments we will return with everything